README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/context:javascript)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/alerts/)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths?targetFile=package.json)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9e4684f0c9e34dda434/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/maintainability)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths)

# ado-areapaths ![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)

## Why? [![start with why](https://img.shields.io/badge/start%20with-why%3F-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/issues)
So that you can search and view area paths of Azure DevOps without creating and maintaining custom queries. Once enabled, the `AreaPaths` hub will appear within the `Boards` hub of Azure DevOps. *The feature flag defaults to true but can be toggled off.*

## Install from Visual Studio Marketplace
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wavemotionio.ado-areapaths

## How to use

#### Navigate to the Area Path search in the azure devops boards hub:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/1-area-paths-in-boards-hub.png "Navigate to the Area Path search.")

#### Select an Area Path in the search field:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/2-area-paths-search.png "Select an Area Path.")

#### View Area Path, expand work items with children, then filter by keyword or ID to narrow down results:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/3-area-path-viewer-and-filter.png "View, expand children, then filter.")

### References
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/get-started/node?view=azure-devops
- https://github.com/microsoft/vss-web-extension-sdk
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/reference/client/controls/combo?view=azure-devops
- https://wavemotionio.visualstudio.com/ado-tools/_apps/hub/wavemotionio.ado-areapaths.ado-areapaths
- https://wavemotionio.gallery.vsassets.io/app/areaPaths
- https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/manage/publishers/wavemotionio?src=wavemotionio.ado-areapaths
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/develop/auth?view=azure-devops
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/vss-web-extension-sdk
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/reference/client/api/tfs/workitemtracking/restclient/workitemtrackinghttpclient2_1?view=azure-devops
- https://github.com/microsoft/azure-devops-extension-api
- https://github.com/microsoft/azure-devops-extension-sample

## To Dos
1. Update devDeps
1. Add tests
```

Commit message:

feat: stage querystring param for assignedto backlog

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/context:javascript)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/alerts/)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths?targetFile=package.json)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/d9e4684f0c9e34dda434/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/maintainability)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths)

# ado-areapaths ![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths.svg)

## Why? [![start with why](https://img.shields.io/badge/start%20with-why%3F-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/issues)
So that you can search and view area paths of Azure DevOps without creating and maintaining custom queries. Once enabled, the `AreaPaths` hub will appear within the `Boards` hub of Azure DevOps. *The feature flag defaults to true but can be toggled off.*

## Install from Visual Studio Marketplace
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wavemotionio.ado-areapaths

## How to use

#### Navigate to the Area Path search in the azure devops boards hub:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/1-area-paths-in-boards-hub.png "Navigate to the Area Path search.")

#### Select an Area Path in the search field:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/2-area-paths-search.png "Select an Area Path.")

#### View Area Path, expand work items with children, then filter by keyword or ID to narrow down results:
![alt text](https://github.com/wavemotionio/ado-areapaths/raw/master/docs/3-area-path-viewer-and-filter.png "View, expand children, then filter.")

### References
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/get-started/node?view=azure-devops
- https://github.com/microsoft/vss-web-extension-sdk
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/reference/client/controls/combo?view=azure-devops
- https://wavemotionio.visualstudio.com/ado-tools/_apps/hub/wavemotionio.ado-areapaths.ado-areapaths
- https://wavemotionio.gallery.vsassets.io/app/areaPaths
- https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/manage/publishers/wavemotionio?src=wavemotionio.ado-areapaths
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/develop/auth?view=azure-devops
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/vss-web-extension-sdk
- https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/extend/reference/client/api/tfs/workitemtracking/restclient/workitemtrackinghttpclient2_1?view=azure-devops
- https://github.com/microsoft/azure-devops-extension-api
- https://github.com/microsoft/azure-devops-extension-sample

## To Dos
1. Hide filter on backlog viewer when no data is found.
1. Update devDeps
1. Add tests
```
